#summary Crysis Codebase Changes

All changes to the Crysis SDK codebase are logged at this location. All changes made in the source files are commented using the following special syntax:

{{{
// [D6] <Reason for change>
}}}

Below, seperated by files, are the explinations for all changes made. Development team: please keep this file up-to-date with all changes made including a detailed description and the line number.

= Changes =

== !GameDll.cpp ==

Lines 21 - 24:
{{{
// [D6] Include our platform too
#include <d6platform_impl.h>
#include "CD6Game.h"
// [/D6]
}}}

Lines 26 - 29:
{{{
// [D6] Set up extern
CD6CoreGlobalEnvironment CD6CoreGlobalEnvironment::m_Instance;
CD6CoreGlobalEnvironment* g_D6Core = &CD6CoreGlobalEnvironment::GetInstance();
// [/D6]
}}}

Lines 39 - 41:
{{{
		// [D6] Init our platform
		g_D6Core->D6CoreModuleInitISystem(pGameFramework->GetISystem());
		// [/D6]
}}}

Lines 45 - 49:
{{{
		// [D6] Run our game, not theirs!
		CD6Game *pGame = new ((void*)pGameBuffer) CD6Game();
		g_D6Core->pD6Game = pGame;
		return pGame;
		// [/D6]
}}}

= OLD CHANGES REMOVE =

== !StdAfx.h ==

- Included "d6platform_impl.h"

== !GameDll.cpp ==

- Included "d6platform_impl.h" and "CD6Game.h"

- Created the instance of the D6 Core Global Environment object.

Line 38: Initialized the D6 Core Global Environment instance.

== Game.cpp ==

- Included "CD6GameFactory.h"

Line 148: Initialized the !D6GameFactory by calling _ !InitD6GameFactory _.

== !ScriptBind_Gamerules.h ==

Line 100: The !CreateTeam and !RemoveTeam calls are routed through the Team Manager module.

== !ScriptBind_Gamerules.cpp ==

Line 136, 1041: The !CreateTeam and !RemoveTeam calls are routed through the Team Manager module.

== !GameRulesClientServer.cpp ==
Line 495: The code block is handled by the Team Manager.

[TechDoc_Architecture Back]